Hi, I'm Michelle Renee here in Tampa, Florida
with the Michelle Renee Makeup Artist Group
and on behalf of Expert Village I'm here to
demonstrate makeup for Summer. The sixth step
is going to be concealer. Now normally I like
to put the foundation first and then the concealer.
I do that because I like to bring the concealer
over the foundation and maybe the little areas,
blemishes, uneven spots, marks, etc. Also,
with the concealer you want to go a couple
of shades lighter than your actual skin tone.
This brings lightness to the eye. Makes you
look young and fresh. This is great for Summer.
Again, with concealer you could use a couple
of different tools hands, brush, sponge. I
normally like to use my hands when, on myself.
When you're using your hands you want to remember
to use your weakest finger, which is gonna
be your ring finger. You don't want to tug
at the skin. When working around the ocular
of the eye, you want to go from the outside
corner in. I'll go ahead and do that now.
Also, with a sponge if your quite not yet
a professional yet. The sponge has a perfect
little area, you could place concealer on
and then just get right underneath the eye.
With my brush I'm gonna apply the concealer.
Remember from the inside out in. "Close your
eyes." With a sponge you could just go in
there perfect. Bring the color down a little
bit to blend. It's Summer and you don't want
to look like you have a cake of concealer
on. Look at the other areas, see if they needs
any concealing. Here is a little guy right
there. Also, with my left over concealer in
the corner of the nose. The last step to the
concealer is putting it on the lids. "Close
your eyes, perfect. " Now this does two things;
it helps bring brightness to the eye area
and when applying shadow this concealer accents
to glue to keep the shadow on and keeping
it lasting longer. As you can see from the
two different eyes, the one with the concealer
looks bright and fresh. Perfect for Summer.